activation of*
odd-machine of*The Witness Eye
paragraph break->
wfk->
PROJECT=sc=slicker-city
jb->Man
go1984->George Orwell's 1984
table of room explanations
:endpunc,sentcase
table of explanations
:endpunc,sentcase
table of life shelf books
titlecase:::endpunc,nocaps
table of retro annos
:sentcase,endpunc
table of unvisiteds
::sentcase,endpunc
table of annotations
::::sentcase,endpunc
table of ending-places
:sentcase,endpunc
!table of skips
!table of map coordinates
!table of monties
!table of rotation responses
PROJECT=pc=compound
table of room explanations
:endpunc,sentcase
table of explanations
:endpunc,sentcase
table of hb
titlecase:titlecase
table of hs
titlecase:titlecase
table of quip texts
:endpunc,sentcase,ignore-blank
!table of monties
!table of tj-moves
bro-fo->Brother Foster
innue->Innuendo
last-jerk->Silly Boris
here-or-not->Hey!
bg->BM
bad-guy-2->Buster Ball
lily-sez->Lily babbles a bunch.
enj-splend->Enjoy it here!
wax-blab->Wax blab!
bad-toad->Littering.
table of amusingness
qmark
table of final question options
nocaps,nopunc
table of plausible misses
nocaps,nopunc
table of terminal frustration
:sentcase,endpunc
table of bad guy worries
sentcase,endpunc
random surveyable person->Grace Goode